her of one slighted having his by resentment particular into sharpened was behaviour general his of dislike whose Bennet, Mrs. was him against violent most the Amongst again. there come never would he that hoped everybody and world, the in man disagreeable most proudest, the was He decided. was character His party. own his of one to occasionally speaking room, the about walking in evening the of rest the spent and lady, other any to introduced being declined Bingley, Miss with once and Hurst Mrs. with once only danced Darcy Mr. friend! his and him between contrast a What themselves. for speak must qualities amiable Such Netherfield. at himself one giving of talked and early, so closed ball the that angry was dance, every danced unreserved, and lively was he room; the in people principal the all with acquainted himself made soon had Bingley friend.Mr. his with compared be to unworthy being and countenance, disagreeable forbidding, most a having from him save then could Derbyshire in estate large his all not and pleased; being above and company, his above be to proud; be to discovered was he for popularity; his of tide the turned which disgust a gave manners his till evening, the half about for admiration great with at looked was he and Bingley, Mr. than handsomer much was he declared ladies the man, a of figure fine a be to him pronounced gentlemen The a-year. thousand ten having his of entrance, his after minutes five within circulation general in was which report the and mien, noble features, handsome person, tall fine, his by room the of attention the drew soon Darcy Mr. friend his but gentleman; the looked merely Hurst, Mr. brother-in-law, His fashion. decided of air an with women, fine were sisters His manners. unaffected easy, and countenance, pleasant a had he gentlemanlike; and good-looking was Bingley man.Mr. young another and eldest, the of husband the sisters, two his Bingley, Mr. – together, all five of only consisted it room assembly the entered party the when And 